Dear Hiring Manager:

I am a Mechanical Engineer and experienced maker seeking a career to provide challenging, creative problems to solve. My friend and I were discussing such opportunities in Pittsburgh when he told me about Deeplocal. He recalled seeing a Deeplocal installation at Google and mentioned other interesting installations made by your company . When I visited your website to look into these, I checked the careers page and was delighted to see this opening for Mechanical Design
Engineer. It is exactly the type of creative engineering design work I seek and is well‑suited to my technical, research, and fabrication skills. 

I am a proficient CAD user with over 6 years of SOLIDWORKS experience designing for industrial, research, and personal projects. Working in Research and Development at Hartness International, our team used SOLIDWORKS to collaborate on large‑scale, multi‑assembly machine system designs. Since R&D required quick turnaround for prototyping, I optimized designs to use materials available on‑site and employ quick, cheap fabrication methods – namely laser cutting and bending of sheet metal.

In addition to my industry experience, I was a researcher at The Carnegie Mellon University Robotics Institute and Clemson University. These research experiences required extensive hands‑on design and fabrication resulting in 2 first‑authored publications and a patent application. As first‑author, I spearheaded all aspects of the projects including ideation, prototyping, ad hoc test design, evaluation, data analysis, and presentation. I am confident that my skills as a researcher will translate fluidly to the Deeplocal work environment. Given any problem, I know what questions to ask and what tools to use to solve it.

My skills and expertise would find optimal use as a Mechanical Design Engineer at Deeplocal. I would greatly appreciate the opportunity for an interview and highly anticipate hearing back.

Sincerely,
Ella A. Moore 



Passionate MechE driven to find satisfying solutions to interesting problems. Techie, but personable and creative: people I meet assume I'm an artist.


I've always loved and excelled in math, physics, and visual arts. Hence, mechanical engineering was the obvious choice of profession as I could combine my technical skills and creativity for a challenging yet intellectually fulfilling career. 


If I weren't a MechE, I'd be a machinist. I love being in the machine shop, working with my hands, and making things -- it's innately satisfying. 






Dear Hiring Manager:

I write to apply for a the Mechanical Design Engineer position at Phlux Technologies because it interests me personally. I enjoy working on bleeding edge technology, honing it in, designing for manufacturing, and making it available for widespread, practical use. I would find great fulfillment aiding the development of the next generation of sensing technology because the potential benefits to industrial and self‑driving automation are obvious and significant.

Many of my experiences align with the responsibilities outlined in the position posting. This is best exemplified by the Hall effect sensor for soft, foam robots project I collaborated on at Carnegie Mellon University. For this project I designed a foam mold to embed a flexible circuit and locate holes for magnets. This allowed for precise, repeatable assembly. I also designed and built a jig for testing the sensor using a laser cutter and available hardware -- we completed our sensor testing that same day.

As far as my more general skills, I am a proficient CAD user with over 5 years of SOLIDWORKS experience designing for industrial, research, and personal projects. Also, I have 2 first‑authored publications where I spearheaded the projects in virtually every aspect including ideation, prototyping, ad hoc test design, evaluation, data analysis, and presentation. I am confident that my skills as a researcher will translate fluidly to working at Phlux Technologies. Given any problem, I know what questions to ask and what tools to use to solve it.

Given the chance, my skills and experience would find optimal use as a Mechanical Design Engineer at Phlux. I would greatly appreciate the opportunity for an interview and highly anticipate hearing back.

Sincerely,
Ella Moore 



